Personas

Family – “The Family segment have relatively high discretionary spend, but they have to make it stretch to meet the needs of the whole family and for that reason they appreciate a good deal or a discount. They use their card almost everyday across all categories, not just essential. They enjoy spending on family occasions and outings with the children. These working families are more likely to be urban, have pets – and a car is required to transport them all. They are health conscious and tend to transact during lunch or in the afternoon.”
 
Frugal Family – “Frugal families have average discretionary spend, but lower than average for a family. For that reason, these individuals spend more across the budget merchants, which is why their average transaction value is also lower. They tend to live in cities, can afford to run a car, but not much is left over so spend is concentrated in essential categories. Despite them being on a budget, they enjoy spending on special occasions.”
 
Affluent Spenders – “Affluent segment have much higher discretionary spend and have high spend in affluent brands. They enjoy shopping at department stores and traveling internationally. These cardholders are more likely to shop in the morning or at lunchtime and their spend is centred on personal services such as hairdressers and massage therapists.”
 
Urban Spenders – “Urban Spenders have the highest discretionary spend and tend to be acquiring more responsibility in their lives and the world. They still enjoy socialising, but are more likely to be settled, own a car and have pets. They look after themselves by going to the gym in their free time. They enjoy celebrating special occasions.”
 
Sensible Spenders – “Sensible Spenders have a much lower level of spend, but a relatively high average transaction value, suggesting infrequent treats for themselves. When they do shop, it is not across the budget brands. They are more likely to have a car and pets, but generally keep their regular spend to essential categories. They prefer face to face experience rather than shopping online.”

